dns_recordset: fix zone ID and project ID handling for import workflows (#1778)
terraform-provider-openstack/terraform-provider-openstack: docs/resources/dns_recordset_v2.md

## Import

> This resource can be imported by specifying the recorset ID, with optional zone ID and project ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource can be imported by specifying the zone ID and recordset ID with optional project ID as a prefix:
```

Author: done!

> This resource can be imported by specifying the zone ID and recordset ID with optional project ID as a prefix:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource can be imported by specifying the zone ID and recordset ID with an optional project ID as a prefix:
```

Author: done!
